quepasa fags
today I come to criticize that console shit called trivial good in itself
despite the price that is being handled here in my country
that is 6 thousand pesos if they heard well six thousand pesotes for a console that
has a graphics similar to a playstation 2 that its current cost is
800 to a thousand pesos hahahaha that is a mention of mother some assholes that the
understand is that it has 3d without glasses touch screen and a few great games that do not
you imagine how the Celtic if I know that but it makes me a fucking steal because
so expensive then they complain that there is piracy that their minor evils I imagine
the games equally expensive as those of the x box or those of the playstation 3 the good
that is from nintendo and they pirate them a lot hahaha and well that
they have deserved because they are games that have already come out in other consoles such is the
case of ocarina of time inc pro evolution soccer 11 metal gear just
because they have three after better instead of spending those six thousand pesos saving
and bought a television with three of them giant halo game and they will continue
some but it's not fun because it's not going to make a notebook but the battery
It lasts less than a fart plus with the television you could watch movies and not
just play, I know that he has
those of resident evil revelations and that of mercenaries 3d the writing is on 4
but this game is in the x box and the play 3 so I want them in the
laptop
to see the depth haha ​​do not fuck me besides those of resident evil is better
play them on a 50-inch screen to see how they are already head to
those nonsense with their ideas or their fucking mother because that's the way you have to
play to get excited because these are no longer scary as the classics good
I'm leaving the subject accepted that he has good things but not to cost
so expensive at best when it goes down in price it would be a good laptop but
for the moment it is just a theft by nintendo to its faithful
most followers right now we are not to spend six thousand pesos on
that
given the crisis that is suffered
but when it comes down in price it is acceptable to buy it and as games come out
more blowers when the catalog grows more
is that the bad thing that there are going to be people who buy it should all be expected a
little to which it will lower in price but I can not force them in addition each one
he shit with his money he does not
for that one working believe
because everything goes down in price there is the example of omic not selling and under the
fullness is also because they got for ass with the keys hehe if the
people will wait a little bit instead of agora to roast it would go down quickly but not
good point that was all cut critical but as I said that not at the price
that is handled in my country I do not want to leave with their blowjobs of what if the
vouchers because I know that they are also not made in china where the
manufacturing is very cheap
well I say goodbye or understand xd ha ha